PrivacyPolicy

If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us with the information provided in the Contact Information Section of this Policy.

1. Acceptance of this Policy

By accessing, visiting or using our Services, you warrant and represent that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy and our Terms of Service. If you disagree with anything in this Policy, you must not use or access the Services.
We may collect the following information and data from you:
Automatically collected data (such as IP Address, your device’s operating system, browser type and language)
General location information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application
Precise-geo-location information from your mobile device (but not in all our applications and games and only with your express consent where applicable)
Applications and games data (such as your interactions with the application or game and with the other users or players inside the application or game respectively via server log files, your user or player ID)

We are as Data Controller does not and will not process any special categories of personal data (“sensitive data”).

2. How We Use Your Information

We primary goals in using information are to provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct marketing and research and create reports for internal use. We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries. We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service, based on your consent, for compliance with a legal obligation to which us is subject or when we have assessed it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our or a third party to whom it may be necessary to disclose information. We may use your information to:

Operate and improve our Service
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service
Furthermore, we may provide you with “just-in-time” disclosures or additional information about the data collection, use and sharing practices of specific Services. These notices may provide more information about our privacy practices, or provide you with additional choices about how we process your personal information.

3. Data security and retention periods

Keeping Personal Data secure is a topmost priority for us. We do our best to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, disclosure and other improper processing activities.

We have put in place reasonable and appropriate organisational, technical and physical procedures and safeguards to protect the information we collect and process. These procedures also take into account the type of personal data and the risks related to its possible disclosures. In the following we bring out specific actions with regard to organisational, technical and physical safeguards in place .

We retain your information for as long as is needed for the stated purpose. However, the retention period also depends on the need to respond to the Data Subjects’ queries and resolve problems as well as on legal requirements for retaining certain documents.

When we no longer need Personal Data to provide Services and there are no statutory obligations for retaining the relevant data, we will delete such Personal Data. We may still use such data for statistics, but in that case it will be pseudonymised or anonymised.

4.Our Policy Regarding Children

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 16, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 16 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.

5. Information Collected through the Services

Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Deliver advertising and marketing and promotional information to you
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.

6.International Transfer

We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.

7. Contact Information Section

If you have any questions or concerns about our data privacy practices, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal information, please contact us at haticerasit726@outlook.com.